hmm he's lost his first teeth takis lost
his canines eight months old and the
first people baby teeth are gone you're
growing up and boy ah yeah they're still
sharp being with them like this did have
its problems though I wanted them to be
more independent but as long as we were
walking with them they'd be looking to
us for guidance the whole time also I
simply couldn't keep up with them when
they set off hunting nor could i hide as
well as they could in the grass we'd
reached a point in their growing up when
I had to start putting more distance
between us for me to stay close and not
disturb their prey I began to use the
car as a mobile hide most of the animals
here in lai WA are used to seeing
vehicles and they pretty much ignore
them this way I could keep a close eye
on taki and Sambu as they practiced
hunting without disturbing them or their
prey and they certainly needed a lot of
practice
time and again they chase animals that
were way too big and potentially very
dangerous for them
[Music]
a direct kick from a zebra could easily
crush their skull and my heart was in my
throat every time they decided to take
on the heavyweights
[Music]
[Applause]
there were times when it felt just too
close
[Music]
you may be fast on your feet you got a
lot to learn
you